# University of Oklahoma ACM Student Chapter  
##### Meeting Minutes
##### 2/27/2021  

### Opening  
The regular meeting of the University of Oklahoma ACM Student Chapter was called to order at 18:00 on 3/20/2021 in the General Voice Channel, Discord Chat by the Vice Chair, Seth Gaglione. Meeting commenced with Seth Gaglione as Temporary Chair. A quorum was present.  

### Attendence  
|    <u>Present</u>    |    <u>Notable Absenses</u>    |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Seth Gaglione, Vice Chair | Raymond Haynes, Chair |
| Clay Curry, Treasurer | Matthew Carroll, Pro-Dev Chair|
| Gregory Maddra, Engage Manager | Shelby Huffman, Web Master |

### Approval of Minutes
The minutes of the previous meeting were unanimously approved as distributed.  

### Open Issues  
1. Officers initialized the [OU-SACM Chapter GitHub](https://github.com/OU-SACM). The faculty advisor and all other officers have been given ownership-level permissions.  

### New Business  
1. Officers discused reaching out to Computer Science Student Board (CSSB) for hosting a joint event, "Academic Planning with CS Club."  
2. The Treasurer moved the bylaws and previous meeting minutes to the [Chapter-Info](https://github.com/OU-SACM/Chapter-Info) repository.  

3. Officers shared possible changes to the Discord Server. Will follow up next week.   

4. The Engage Manager will speak with the Faculty Advisor then reach out to the ACM Guest Speaker.  

5. The Treasurer will reach out to CSSB officers to discuss logistics of hosting the joint event, "Academic Planning with CS Club."  

6. The Vice-Chair will reach out to the Chapter's Web Master to initialize a new repository for tracking the growing SACM website source code.

### Agenda for Next Meeting  
1. Members will decide on a day and time to host "Academic Planning" workshop.  

2. Members will discuss organizational changes to be made to the Discord server, including a channel serving as instructions for memebers to navigate the Chapter GitHub.   

3. Clay will provide a list of preferred dates for hosting a professional development workshop on using Git Bash.


### Adjournment
Meeting was adjourned at 19:30 by the Vice Chair, Seth Gaglione. The next general meeting will be at 18:00 on Saturday 3/27/2021 in the General Voice Channel, Discord Chat.  
<br>
Minutes submitted by:  
Clay Curry
<br><br>
Approved by:  
Unanimous Consent
