# University of Oklahoma ACM Student Chapter  
##### Meeting Minutes
##### 2/20/2021  

### Opening  
The regular meeting of the University of Oklahoma ACM Student Chapter was called to order at 18:00 on 2/20/2021 in the General Voice Channel, Discord Chat by the Vice Chair, Seth Gaglione. Meeting commenced with Seth Gaglione as Temporary Chair. A quorum was present.

### Attendence  
|    <u>Present</u>    |    <u>Notable Absenses</u>    |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Seth Gaglione, Vice Chair | Raymond Haynes, Chair |
| Dr. Rafal Jabrzemski, Faculty | Shelby Huffman, Web Master |
| Clay Curry, Treasurer | |
| Gregory Maddra, Engage Manager | |
| Matthew Carroll, Member | |
| Jacob Ingram, member | |
| Arika Khor, member | |
| Violet Oh, member | |

### Approval of Agenda  
The agenda was unanimously approved as distributed.

### Approval of Minutes
The minutes of the previous meeting were unanimously approved as distributed.

### Open Issues  
1. To promote the discovery of opportunities for scholarship and professional development to all members in the chapter, the Chapter members voted unanimously to appoint Matthew Carrol to the inaugural officer position, Professional Development Chair.  
2. To avoid bottlenecking the Chapter’s ability to share information and collaborate on projects using the official chapter GitHub, the members voted unanimously to distribute the “Owner” GitHub permission to all Chapter officers. The Treasurer will compile a list of usernames and emails from officers and relay this list to the Faculty Sponsor.

### New Business
Over the next week, members will vote on their preferred speaker topic at the poll posted on the Discord #announcements channel. Officers will use this feedback to decide which ACM guest speaker to contact for a Chapter sponsored speech.  
<br>
The Treasurer will begin formally writing requests to be included the Chapter’s 2021-2022 Primary Budget Proposal. The deadline for submitting the proposal to OU’s SGA is March 5, 2021.  
<br>
Dr. Rafal Jabrzemski will investigate the prospect of taking his skills as a computer science educator to a worldwide audience as a YouTube Creator.  

### Agenda for Next Meeting
The officers will initialize the Chapter GitHub.  
<br>
The treasurer will take final requests for the Chapter’s 2021-2022 Primary Budget Proposal.  

### Adjournment
Meeting was adjourned at 19:30 by the Vice Chair, Seth Gaglione. The next general meeting will be at 18:00 on Saturday Feb 27, in the General Voice Channel, Discord Chat.  
<br>
Minutes submitted by:  
Clay Curry
<br><br>
Approved by:  
Unanimous Consent
